fix(rdb): add info MTA-4779 (#3401)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/change-volume-type.mdx

    The Database Instance goes into the `Initializing` state.

    <Message type="important">

>       - When switching from a local volume to a Block volume, and if [Autobackup](/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/enable-autobackup) is enabled, be aware that the snapshot type will change. Local volumes utilize logical backups, whereas Block storage employs snapshots. Consequently, the billing for these two types will differ as well.

Author: ```suggestion
      - When switching from a local volume to a Block volume, and if [Autobackup](/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/enable-autobackup) is enabled, be aware that the snapshot type will change. Local volumes utilize logical backups, whereas Block storage employs snapshots. Both types are priced at €0.03 per GB per month, but their distinct backup methods affect storage space differently, influencing the final monthly cost based on your usage. 
```

>       - Disk size cannot be reduced, so when switching from local to block, the volume size remains the same by default.

Reviewer: Not sure if block should be capitalized here?

Author: ```suggestion
      - Disk size cannot be reduced, so when switching from local to Block, the volume size remains the same by default.
```
